agent Fodor Alex being a parent is hard
except in our case of course you don't
have to do this you know can't let you
go yes you can nice conversation all
signs point to a highly active October
I need my top agents Presidio sole aim
isn't killing monsters it's
understanding them how were viven Jeff
handling that transition viv and I are
being cruelly ripped from our lives and
dragged into Pleasantville 17-year old
twins scarier than anything I've ever
faced in the field Wow parents of the
year evil hey girl we were gonna try to
real-life seance sounds us freaked me
out
we should totally do one Bryce
you saw something didn't you what's
happening cells been taken out
it must be terrified to live in fear
knowing how weak you really are I drew
this a fourth act
you okay
like it or not some things in this world
need killing my parents are busy saving
the world you are too much
[Music]
hey dr. burr
you